CAR DEALERSHIP MANAGEMENT SYSTEM - PRE SALES MODULE

-Customers make enquiry
Types of Enquiry:
Physical - cusomter makes the enquiry at the showroom, in person
Online 
->Online web: through web site
->Online digital ads

Stages involved:
1. Enquiry(fill in enquiry form) - OPTIONAL
-Data capture: name, mobile number(mandatory. unique key), email(optional), Vehicle model
 ->Key:combination of Mobile number and Vehicle model
-Notification sent to Sales executive 
-Action: Customer gets a callback from Sales executive within 15mins

2. Test drive booking (online form to fill in info and capture on DB)
-Data to be captured: Name, Date, Place, Vehicle model, mobile number
 ->Key:combination of Mobile number and Vehicle model
-2a: Booking by customer online:
-2b: Booking by customer offline:
-Enquiry data logged in: Table:- Name, Mobile number, Enquiry id. Main table where data is captured against every new user
-Booking data logged in: Table:- Enquiry Id(foreign key), Vehicle model, Date, Place

3. Test drive taken(use a flag to mark if test drive taken. for display on dashboard)
-Test drive data logged in: Table:- Date, dealership, 

4. Vehicle booking(user fills in booking form.capture data on DB)

5. Booking Cancellation

Vehicle delivery

Dashboard report 

Types of Users:
Dealership Admin 
- gets the entire view
Sales Executives
- gets the specific view of enquiries assigned to them

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Do we produce cars and sell, or do sellers come to display their cars on our website? 


Customer can:
- Make Enquiry
- Book for test drive
- Book for a vehicle
- Cancel a booking

Admin can:
- Add new vehicles
- Remove vehicles
- View vehicles
- View customer bookings
- Register sales executives
- View report

Sales Executives can:
- Send test drive appointment
- Mark if test drive is taken
- Mark if car has been sold
- View customer bookings
- View report

Delivery person??

I think these 3 users are enough

Flow 1:

Customer visits website
Customer checks different cars of interest and add them to their test driving list (there should probably be a limit to the number
of cars a customer can pick for test driving)
Customer books a date, time and location for test driving 
Customer receives booking ID
Sales executive receives booking notification
Sales executive follows up with the customer (Phone call, email) 
Customer comes for the test drive 
Sales executive marks the car as tested by the customer
Customer books the car
Sales executive notifies the customer when car is available
Customer picks up the car


Note: The backend should be able to populate the car availability



Flow 2:

Customer visits website
Customer books a test driving appointment
Sales executive approves booking
Customer comes for test drive


Flow 3:

1. Customer visits website
2. Customer checks different cars of interest and add them to their test driving list (there should probably be a limit to the number
of cars a customer can pick for test driving)
3. Customer books a date, time and location for test driving 
4. Customer receives booking ID
5. Sales executive receives booking notification
6. Sales executive follows up with the customer (Phone call, email)
7. Sales executive cancels after follow up (customer's booking status is updated to Inactive)


Flow 4:
1. Customer visits website
2. Customer searches the booking ID
3. Customer himself cancels (customer's booking status is updated to Inactivate)
4. Sales executive gets a notification of cancellation
 

Flow 5:
1. Customer visits website
2. Customer searches the booking ID
3. Customer himself updates (booking table is updated for the respective booking id)
4. Sales executive gets a notification of update

Flow 6:
- Sales executive updates after follow up (booking table is updated for the respective booking id)

Note: We can have a status in the table that is Active or Inactive

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

27/09/2022

Requirements:
Functional Requirements

For Customer:
1. Customer can view car details
2. Customer can book for a test drive by supplying the following details: name, email, phone number, date, time, location,
car model
3. Customer can search for a booking by supplying booking Id
4. Customer can cancel booking
5. Customer can update booking
6. Customer can book for car
7. Customer can pay for car

For Sales Executive:
1. Sales executive can add remarks
2. Sales executive can login
3. Sales executive can change booking status
4. Sales executive can cancel a booking
5. Sales executive can update a booking
6. Sales executive can view all bookings (can also filter with parameters e.g name, date range, car model)
7. Sales executive can send reminder emails and sms

For Dealer:
1. Dealer can manage sales executive (register, disable account, enable account)
2. Dealer can manage vehicles (add, make available or unavailable, update)
3. Dealer can view report
4. Dealer can view bookings
5. Dealer can modify sales executive enquiry assignment (e.g switch sales executives)
 
